[GRAFT][release/y2025] MTM-62950 - release notes - Binary Search returns wrong results (#3124) (#3129)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-20-25-100-0-binaries-api-ids-filter-fix.md

---
date:

> title: Fixed an issue with retrieving stored files metadata by ids

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Correct data returned when retrieving stored file metadata by ID
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-JlFdtOPva
    label: REST API
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-62950
version: 2025.0.69
---

> The endpoint for retrieving stored file metadata by id was not returning the correct data, this has now been resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the endpoint for retrieving stored file metadata by ID did not return the correct data. This issue has been fixed and the correct data is now returned.
```

> Previously, the endpoint for retrieving stored file metadata by ID did not return the correct data. This issue has been fixed and the correct data is now returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the endpoint for retrieving [stored files metadata](https://{{< domain-c8y >}}/api/core/#operation/getBinariesCollectionResource) did not return the correct data when filtering by ID. This issue has been fixed and the correct data is now returned.
```

---
date:
title: Fixed an issue with retrieving stored files metadata by ids
product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-JlFdtOPva
    label: REST API
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-62950
version: 2025.0.69
---

> Fixed an issue with the endpoint for retrieving [stored files metadata](https://{{< domain-c8y >}}/api/core/#operation/getBinariesCollectionResource) 

Reviewer 2: Suggest:

The endpoint for retrieving stored file metadata by id was not returning the correct data, this has now been resolved.
